5)

If you were asked to implement all the tests of sign up page, list out the tests:
You would implement
You would not implement and the reasons


Ans)

I would implement :
a) successful Registration
b) unsuccessful Registration with error message
c) invalid email registration errors
d) Actual entry in database on succesful Registration
e) Non Entry in database on unsuccessful regisration.
f) various combo against Password field
g) Validate Rightful registration against rightful product only.
h) Unsuccessful registration over fields that are not completely filled/left blank.
i) validate user successfully mapped to the product after successful registration.

6) If the Google Recaptcha exists, what will you do to unblock the sign up automation tests and further tests after successful registration

Ans ) I would try to handle the script using webdriverwait to make it more like a human like experience and avoid recaptcha triggering . This is more of a preventive approach. Other approach is to use websites that serve as an API to return the captcha . I would further explore on more ways to avoid recapcha or handle it on google.

7) If you had to run the Sign Up test flow 100 times, each using a different email, what would you do to run the test efficiently?

If i have integrated TestNG , then one of its features is Dataprovider where i can reiterate the test any number of times with different data given in form of object array . So using that feature i can invoke the same @Test testcase 100 times.
Similarly if we are using Cucumber framework , we can make use of "Scenario Outlines" and "Examples" to provide 100 set of test data and run the same test case 100 times.


8) What else would you verify to make sure that the account has signed up successfully?

I would want to validate the presence of "Successful sign up " message . Also i would like to validate the absence of "Unsuccessful sign up error message" . I can do it by capturing the text using getText() function and then putting assertions to vaidate . 
I would want to connect to database ( mysql for ex) using Connection classes and Database credentials and validate a successful entry for the signed up user to be 100 percent sure.


